Update store_failures.md (#2468)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/store_failures.md

This logic is encoded in the [`should_store_failures()`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/98c015b7754779793e44e056905614296c6e4527/core/dbt/include/global_project/macros/materializations/helpers.sql#L77) macro.

> When true, `store_failures` saves the entire record(s) that failed the test in a new table named after the test in a schema named "dbt_test__audit".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When true, `store_failures` save all the record(s) that failed the test only if [limit](/reference/resource-configs/limit) is not set or if there are fewer records than the limit. `store_failures` are saved in a new table with the name of the test and in a schema named `dbt_test__audit`. You can configure the schema to a different value. 

```

This logic is encoded in the [`should_store_failures()`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/98c015b7754779793e44e056905614296c6e4527/core/dbt/include/global_project/macros/materializations/helpers.sql#L77) macro.

> When true, `store_failures` save all the record(s) that failed the test only if [limit](/reference/resource-configs/limit) is not set or if there are fewer records than the limit. `store_failures` are saved in a new table with the name of the test and in a schema named `dbt_test__audit`. You can configure the schema to a different value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When true, `store_failures` save all the record(s) that failed the test only if [limit](/reference/resource-configs/limit) is not set or if there are fewer records than the limit. `store_failures` are saved in a new table with the name of the test. By default, `store_failures` use a schema named `dbt_test__audit`, but, you can configure the schema to a different value. 
```
